Clarify conda installation with MPI (#1680)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/installation/index.rst

             conda create --name ENVNAME -c conda-forge nest-simulator=*=mpi_openmpi*

          The syntax for this install follows the pattern:
          ``nest-simulator=<version>=<build_string>``. Build strings can be

>           found by browsing the `conda forge file list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          found by listing the available versions with
          ```
          conda search -c conda-forge nest-simulator
          ```
          or by browsing the `conda forge file list
```

Author: Somehow I wasn't even aware of that command! Yes, that's definitely the way to do it.

          <https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/nest-simulator/files>`_ (note
          there are multiple pages). For example, to install

>           `linux-64/nest-simulator-2.20.0-mpi_openmpi_py38hb43900d_0.tar.bz2``
>           on Linux with Python 3.8, you would use the version specifier
>           ``nest-simulator=2.20.0=mpi_openmpi_py38hb43900d_0``.

Reviewer: advising the user to install even a specific build, may lead to many dependency conflicts. Better let conda figure it out.
```suggestion
          one of the 2.20.x versions with MPI support by OpenMPI you would use the version specifier
          ``nest-simulator=2.20.*=*openmpi*``. The Python version dependency is automatically resolved
          if you add ``python=3`` or ``python=3.8`` depending on how specific you are tied to a Python version.
          Leaving the Python version and build identifyer open will make conda install the latest versions
          compatible with all requested packages.
```

Author: Agreed—I didn't know that conda accepts wildcards in that way. Nice.
